Last time on Sonic X,
As our friends plan to greet
the new year's sunrise,
they were totally shocked
by a total eclipse.
Soon, Dr. Eggman shed
light on the mystery.
The malfunctioning Egg Moon was
causing the super sun block.
He begged the president to
let him lighten things up,
and he built giant mirror towers to
power specially designed Sunshine Balls.
But just as Eggman was
being hailed as a hero,
someone started
toppling the towers.
That someone was Sonic.
And now the citizens are
dead set on stopping him.
Has Sonic gone screwy?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Crowd pandemonium]
[Worried cries]
Where's Sonic?
[Commotion]
He's not here, so go away.
Then tell us where he is.
We know you think he
knocked those towers over.
But he'd never do that.
Yeah! Don't forget,
Sonic's on our side!
At least I think he is.
The only one Sonic is against is...
Dr. Eggman!
He'd do anything to beat Eggman!
Yeah, right!
He's just trying to protect him!
Let's get him!
[Angry mob]
All right! Back off!
Amy!
[Yelling]
Go!
[All panting]
Woah!
[Sirens]
[Crowd screams]
All right, everybody. Listen up!
If any one of you yahoos
lays a finger on them,
you'll have to deal with me.
Uh...? Uh...
[Sighs of relief]
They're leaving.
Ah, goodness. That was
certainly a close shave.
Looks like the S-Team
showed up just in team.
You doing okay, buddy?
Yeah...
Oh, Sonic...
It can't be true...
It just can't be!
Here goes another one!
All right!
Bullseye!
I'm warning you, Mr. President.
Sonic will stop at
nothing. Nothing!
He must be eliminated.
[Frustrated groan]
Now, please don't
get excited, Eggman.
Just calm down.
Calm down?
How can I be calm with
this menace on the loose?
I've worked hard to bring
light to your people!
But all Sonic wants
to do is stop me.
Yes, I believe you're right.
He's a public threat.
Instruct my commanders that I
want Sonic stopped immediately.
Yes, sir!
[Chuckle]
That gasbag sure is
gullible, isn't he?
He sure is.
Right, Bocoe?
Haha. Sonic is finished.
[Chuckling]
Huh?
Eggman! Eggman! Eggman!
Eggman! Eggman! Egg!
Thank you all. You're very kind.
[Sinister chuckling]
Isn't it funny, Bocoe?
Who would've thought
this could happen?
Now Dr. Eggman is the hero,
and Sonic is the bad guy.
I'm so happy I could blow a fuse.
[Both laughing]
[Grunt]
[Groan]
What is it, Rouge?
Is the noise from the chopper
blades getting to you?
I'm okay. But I'm sensing
something weird.
Follow her!
[Sigh]
I miss the light.
Poor little kid.
Knuckles!
We've got a really
big favor to ask ya.
Favor?
If Sonic keeps knocking
down the mirror towers,
we'll never get out of the dark.
He'll listen to you.
Help us.
[Missiles launching]
[Lasers firing]
Okay! [Grunt]
Only you can stop Sonic from
knocking down the towers.
Please, Knuckles.
We don't know who else to turn to.
We're begging you.
[Crowd chatter] We're
counting on you, Knuckles.
All right. I'll give it a try.
You'll really talk to him?
Thanks, Knuckles!
He's gonna do it!
You're the best, Knuckles!
You've gone too far, Sonic.
And I've got to stop you.
Hey, Chris?
Is something bothering you?
No.
I'm fine.
You haven't been yourself lately.
Me?
[Sigh]
Well, one part of me thinks Sonic
could never do the things
they say he's doing.
But...
Well, I just don't know
what to believe anymore.
We know you think he
knocked those towers over!
But he'd never do that!
I wish I could have
total faith in Sonic.
But I just can't understand
what he's doing.
If you want to know how
to have faith, ask Amy.
It's easy!
Eh, maybe for you.
Listen.
There's been lots of times
when Sonic did something
or didn't do something
that made me wonder
why I ever liked him.
But in the end,
he always comes through for me.
He may do crazy things,
and he may do stupid things,
but he never does dishonest things.
That's why...
I'll always have faith in him!
Amy's right.
I always trust Sonic.
It is easy!
I do have faith in him!
Thanks a lot, Amy!
Sure! Anytime, Chris!
Come on, Tails.
We'd better go and look for Sonic.
Am I good or what?
Hang on, Sonic.
Your friends are on the way.
At last.
[Lasers firing]
[Grunt]
Hey, Knuckles. Good
to see you, old buddy.
What's up?
This.
[Grunt]
Grr!
Hey!
If I didn't know better,
I'd say you're trying
to pick a fight.
Right!
[Sounds of fighting]
This is no fight if
that's all you've got.
[Sounds of fighting]
Come on!
[Fighting continues]
I'm gonna teach you
a lesson, Sonic!
[Grunt]
Aah!
[Panting]
[Yelling]
[Yelling] Oof!
No luck!
It doesn't look like
there's any way in, Rouge.
That's too bad.
Because this looks like
the power station.
[Sounds of fighting]
Ah! Look down there!
Sonic and Knuckles are fighting!
That's news.
[Grunt]
Oof!
Ugh...
Oof.
[Panting]
Want to call it quits?
Not until I make you pay
for the damage you've done.
[Sounds of fighting]
Woah!
All right, you guys.
Cut it out right now!
Don't interfere!
Sonic!
Hey, I'll all for
keepin' the peace, pal.
It's Knuckles who started it.
You bet I started it!
Do you ever stop to
think about the trouble
you're causing innocent people?
Do you?!
Huh?
What trouble?
Okay, that's it!
Grr...
Sonic the Hedgehog!
Huh?
What's going on?
Stay where you are, Sonic.
We've got you surrounded.
Just turn yourself in quietly
and there won't be any trouble.
Look out!
I'll take care of 'em!
Knuckles, no!
Hey, hey, chill out, everybody.
Let's all stay calm.
You stay calm!
Knuckles!
Wake up, kid!
Don't you know it's Sonic
who's been knocking down
all these towers everywhere?
Yes, I know.
It's just...
Well, I have faith in Sonic!
And if he's doing it, there
must be a good reason!
Oh, yeah?
Well, what good reason
could there be?
You tell me! I'd like
to hear just one!
I'll give you one, Knuckles.
Up there.
Hm?
Huh?
There's somethin' about that Egg
Moon that's been bothering me.
There's lots about
you that bothers me!
If you give me a
chance, I can explain.
Well, what is there to explain?
The Egg Moon won't move
until it gets fixed.
We know that!
Maybe you do.
But I know differently.
What?
Lemme give you a little
astronomy lesson.
If the Egg Moon was
really standing still,
it couldn't block the
sun all the time.
Hey, that's right!
It only looks like the Egg Moon's
standing still 'cause we're moving, too!
And there's one more
thing you can't forget.
This planet and the moon are
both revolving around the sun!
Huh.
Huh?
Augh!
I'm confused!
Chris, in order for the
Egg Moon to block the sun,
it's gotta be moving, too!
Eggman's been controlling it
so he can con everyone into buying
those silly Sunshine Balls
he invented.
It's just a cheap,
get-rich-quick scheme.
That lousy...!
And everybody thinks
he's the big hero!
[Evil chuckle]
[Crowds clamoring]
Just listen to those
cheers, Doctor.
Doesn't it make you feel good?
[Crying]
Marvelous!
It's all going just as I planned.
Oh?
What do you mean by that, Doctor?
Don't tell me you metallic meatheads
think this hero act is for real.
Why, I planned this crafty little
coup right from the beginning!
You did?
Certainly, I did!
Look closely at those
yahoos down there.
They look like they're in a trance.
CROWD: Egg-man.
Egg-man.
Here's my secret.
Every Sunshine Ball emits
a hidden subliminal message
that compels everyone who has
one to hail me as their hero.
You mean all those people
down there are hypnotized?
To think you are good?
And that's not all.
The Egg Moon is in place,
and ready for Stage Two.
[Evil chuckle]
The Eggman Empire is nearly here!
[Evil cackle]
Oh.
We are not the good guys after all.
Oh, well. It was fun
while it lasted.
Aww.
So Eggman's no hero.
Why didn't you explain this before
you knocked down the towers?!
I thought it was obvious.
I can't help it if you're slow.
Watch it!
Now what?
This is Topaz.
I need to speak to the
president immediately.
[Grumble]
Mr. President.
What is it, sir?
Dr. Eggman.
He's tricked us again.
[Sinister chuckle]
You found me out, eh, Prez?
You've made a fool out of me
for the last time, you hear?
Ha! From the sound of the crowd,
I'm the hero, and you're
the fool, Mr. President.
This is terrible.
Just listen to those numbskulls.
They're calling for me
to be their new leader!
But... what about me?
You, Mr. President, are my hostage!
So now what do we do?
Well, I say,
if we can't destroy the Egg
Moon controller from down here,
then we'll just have to get
rid of it from up there.
Well, whaddaya say, Knuckster?
The name's Knuckles, wiseguy.
Hey! Easy, boy.
If I may, I would like to pilot.
Works for me!
[Sigh]
[Crowd cheering]
It's no good, sir.
We can't get through.
There are just too
many people out here.
Homeroom, I'm inside.
And starting the search.
[Mumbling]
Perfect.
It's the new Eggman dollar bill.
That is nice, Doctor,
but I've made a Bocoe
100-dollar bill.
I have got a Decoe
1,000-dollar bill.
Keep your two ugly
mugs off my money!
Woah!
Let's go, Eggman.
Your little political party's over!
Hmph!
[Groan]
Sonic...
Stop there!
Yeah, right!
Ha!
I warned you,
one step closer and he's finished.
Careful you don't
squeeze the air out.
Huh?
Oh, no!
Mission accomplished.
Nice work!
Keep away!
[Yelling]
You're amazingly good
at this, Mr. Tanaka.
As a butler,
one must have the skill to do more
than simply answer doorbells.
Okay, Knuckles. Hit it!
Here goes!
[Grunt]
Woah!
Ah!
It's back, honey.
Yes.
And it's still beautiful.
[Happy sigh]
[Everyone cheering]
We should watch the sunrise
from here sometime.
We should!
Hmph.
That's that!
Hey, what's the matter, Rouge?
I thought you'd be pleased.
Eh. I liked this place better
when it was in the dark.
[Panting]
I liked it better
when we were heroes!
Quiet. Just keep running!
They're after us!
[Continued panting]
Woah!
Question one: I first
met Sonic the Hedgehog
when he fell into my living room.
Yes or no?
No!
Ugh!
[Panting]
Next one.
The X Tornado can fly more
than 300 miles an hour,
and can withstand attacks by
changing into battle armor mode?
Yes!
Yes or no?
Sonic says I'm the prettiest
girl in the whole world!
No way, Jose!
Well, you don't have to rub it in.
Just one more to go.
Think carefully, doctor.
If you answer this one correctly,
you will be the big winner!
Don't worry. With my
eggceptionally high IQ,
I'm bound to get it right.
Who's the coolest guy around?
Me, or you?
What a ridiculous question!
It's me, of course!
Waugh!
[Commotion]
Grr...! I'll be back!
And to think this morning
we were flying high.
Now look at us. Jail birds.
You fools! Let me out of here!
From a big hero to a big zero.
Sonic! Sonic!
Uh-oh!
[Giggling]
Looks like Sonic's the real hero!
But then we knew that
all along, didn't we?